+++
# Date this page was created.
date = "2014-10-20"
draft = false
# Project title.
title = "Development of new algorithm to characterize canopy development of wheat"

# Project summary to display on homepage.
summary = ""

# Optional image to display on homepage (relative to `static/img/` folder).
image_preview = ""

# Tags: can be used for filtering projects.
# Example: `tags = ["machine-learning", "deep-learning"]`
tags = ["HTP", "wheat", "UAV"]

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link = ""

# Does the project detail page use math formatting?
math = false

# Optional featured image (relative to `static/img/` folder).
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++


## Project summary

A key component of modern breeding programs is to quantify valuable traits on breeding lines using methods of high-throughput phenotyping. Several platforms allow rapid capture of images for crop canopies using various cameras. The main challenge is to efficiently process these images to estimate phenotypes. The main task of this project is to develop new processing algorithms to extract wheat phenotype from images. 


## Project activity
[Chinese Scholarship Council](http://en.csc.edu.cn/) funded Dr. Tao Duan (PhD student in [China Agriculture University](http://www.cau.edu.cn/)) from Oct 2014 to Oct 2016 to work in CSIRO, Brisbane, Australia. During her stay, she was co-supervised by [Prof. Yan Guo](http://zihuan1.cau.edu.cn/art/2012/3/9/art_4420_105360.html), [Dr. Scott Chapman](http://people.csiro.au/C/S/Scott-Chapman) and [Dr. Bangyou Zheng](/). The major tasks of her project were to 1) build 3D canopy using time serial photography in early stage growth of wheat for early vigour trait, 2) extract phenotypic traits from images captured unmanned aerial vehicle including ground coverage and NDVI.  


## Publications

* Duan T, Chapman SC, Guo Y, Zheng B (2017) [Dynamic monitoring of NDVI in wheat agronomy and breeding trials using an unmanned aerial vehicle](/publication/2017-uva-ndvi/). Field Crops Research, 210, 71–80.
* Duan T, Zheng B, Guo W, Ninomiya S, Guo Y, Chapman S (2017) [Comparison of ground cover estimates from experiment plots in cotton, sorghum and sugarcane based on images and ortho-mosaics captured by UAV](/publication/2016-uva-coverage/). Functional Plant Biology, 44, 169–183.
* Duan T, Chapman SC, Holland E, Rebetzke GJ, Guo Y, Zheng B (2016) [Dynamic quantification of canopy structure to characterize early plant vigour in wheat genotypes](/publication/2016-early-vigour/). Journal of Experimental Botany, 67, 4523–4534.
* Duan T, Chapman S, Holland E, Guo Y, Zheng B (2016) [Dynamic monitoring of canopy structure by time serial photography of early stage growth of wheat](/publication/2016-fspma-earlyvigour/). In: International Conference on Functional-Structural Plant Growth Modeling, Simulation, Visualization and Applications Qingdao, China, IEEE.
* Guo W, Zheng B, Duan T, Fukatsu T, Chapman S, Ninomiya S (2017) [EasyPCC: Benchmark Datasets and Tools for High-Throughput Measurement of the Plant Canopy Coverage Ratio under Field Conditions](/publication/2017-sensors-easypccmd/). Sensors, 17, 798.
* Hu P, Duan T, Chapman S, Guo Y, Zheng B (2017) [Assessment of canopy growth and development for three wheat cultivars under different water and nitrogen regimes](/publication/2017-agronomy-canopyheight/). In: 18th Australian Agronomy Conference Ballarat, Victoria.
* Zheng B, Chenu K, Dreccer MF, et al. (2016) [Improvement of the model capacity and assessment traits related with water use efficiency for wheat in Australia](/publication/2016-icsc-traitmod/). In: 7th International Crop Science Congress Beijing, China, Crop Science Society of China.

